# Homework 6
1/c Ryan Vigo
## Splunk Training
Fo my splunk training of choice I chose Intro to Splunk, in this course They start by explaining what splunk is and what it could be used for and how enterprise companies would benefit from using it. In the second section they talk about using the splunk website and different ways to view and query the data taken in. Splunk provides a variety of ways. The splunk search bar provides an easy way of looking at data more specifically, first of there are 3 different types of searches fast, smart, and verbose searches. On top of these searches your are able to tailor the search output depending on how you want the data visualized using transformed searches. The search timeline gives a time line of the different event log for the different time stamps. Furthermore in the search bar, you are able to narrow your search by using search type. The course then goes into how you can explore events by adding criteria from an event to your search to help narrow in. The example used in the course show how they can narrow the search from just a failed error to a password failed error. Another option brought up in the course is boolean operations not, or, and and. These can help two words in a search to narrow your results. The example they give in the course is the search failed AND password that looks for logs contain both the words failed and password. Some other things that splunk offers for your tool box is knowledge opjects and creating reports. Knowledge objects are grouped into 5 categories Data Interpretation, Data Classification, Data Enrichment, Data Normalization, Data Models. You can create knowledge objects and share them with other users. Another option is to create a report based on search results. Creating a report is a beneficial way to visualize the data using charts and graphs.
## SIEM Tuning

## input.conf

